well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so that last video I guess people
have questions about it people were mad
said the right with squelching
constitutional protections for free
speech the First Amendment people had
questions give me some examples what are
you talking about sure I'll give you
some examples I would start by saying
criminalizing the pipeline protests in
red states that would be a big one Trump
saying that anybody who burned the
American flag should be stripped of
their citizenship that would be a good
one 72% of Republicans agreeing with
making it illegal to burn the flag that
would be one 36% of Republicans saying
that mean and offensive statements that
hurt the feelings of police officers or
the military should be prohibited by law
that would be one I would suggest
especially considering that's exactly
the type of speech that the First
Amendment was designed to protect
incidentally less than a quarter of
those would extend those same courtesies
to the LGBTQ community 67% of
Republicans in favor of banning face
coverings religion is speech my friends
50% of Republicans being in favor of
stopping construction of new mosques in
their neighborhoods Republicans being
twice as likely to want hecklers
arrested rather than just disciplined by
the universities 50% of them saying that
the press has too much freedom they have
too much First Amendment certainly seems
like it's the right that is squelching
the First Amendment call me crazy 63%
said the journalists are an enemy of the
people you have sold out to this con man
so bad you are betraying the founding
principles of this country
oh but free speech on campus professors
are getting fired you know what if you
actually knew anything about higher
education or universities you would know
that if something was happening to
professor's on any kind of level there
would be a college-level study about it
and there is and you're right professors
do occasionally get fired for
controversial political speech the funny
thing about it they're mostly liberals
not conservatives there is no free
speech crisis happening on campuses
that's not a thing it's made up it's
made up to
the people who've never been there who
don't know oh but they're protesting the
speeches yeah they are
that's the First Amendment in action let
me break this down into crayons for all
of you ardent Patriots and First
Amendment supporters that have
apparently never read it the First
Amendment protects you from the
government it doesn't protect you from
your neighbor saying what you're saying
is bad that's not a thing the thing is
the far right doesn't want speech they
don't want free speech they want a
platform it's that simple
that's how they wound up at universities
to begin with why because they went out
trying to find platforms they went out
looking for locations and they couldn't
get them nobody would let them come
because private institutions don't have
to they have no reason to do it they
have no reason to do it universities are
more accepting of dissenting viewpoints
that's how they wound up there there is
no free speech crisis and then the
students well they don't want that idea
they don't want to hear it and they
staged their own event the protest which
is First Amendment it's protected by
that nobody owes you a platform free
speech doesn't mean you're gonna be
listened to it doesn't mean your idea is
gonna be accepted how entitled are you
that's not a thing free speech means you
get to speak period doesn't mean that
somebody has to put you on stage and the
other idea is that well you have to give
equal time to different ideas who told
you that that's not true that is not
true that's not a thing either you have
to give equal time to equal ideas to be
ethical your idea isn't equal it's not
it's ancient it's obsolete
institutional bigotry failed people
didn't like it
wars were fought over it it's not coming
back and to expect institutions of
higher learning which typically look
forward to help you sway people to your
ideas from the 30s is a little silly to
me but
whatever and you don't get to cry about
people being deep platformed either
that's not something you get to do what
did y'all want done to cap football man
didn't stand up for the flag boycott the
NFL and what happened what happened he's
still out there right he believed in
what he was doing you never heard him
cry he believed in what he was doing he
kept talking a good idea
we'll find a platform doesn't need one
handed to him you don't need the
government's gun you better let this guy
talk yes the right is the one that wants
to use the government's gun to come out
and say you have to let this person talk
or you better not talk don't build your
religious facility you better put this
person on stage Kap proved that's not
the way it works you can be doing
platformed in it the idea is solid
another platform what will arise we can
create your own yeah it's coming from
the right now there are Democrats who
propose things occasionally that kertel
the First Amendment and I'm equally as
frustrated with them but they don't
pretend that they're all about the
Constitution that they're all about
preserving the founding principles of
this country no that's the right any
other other failures at it anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good day